 Airgead Banking - Project Two
 


1. Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.

   - The goal here was to create a C++ program that will allow users to see their
   investments progress, with a UI the user submit their own data 
   like Monthly Deposit, Annual interest, etc.


2. What did you do particularly well?

   - I think I did a good job at overcoming barriers and or errors I came across quickly. 
   Problem solving is a huge skill to have in this industry, and mastering that early is
   great in my opinion. 


3. Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?

   - One way I could improve my code is researching different things C++ can do, knowing
   all the built in tools with the language youre using will make you much more efficient
   when programming. 


4. Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?

   - I think just learning the C++ syntax was the biggest challenge for me in this project.
   Tool's that really helped me overcome problems were Github, the language docs themselves, 
   YouTube, and stackoverflow. 


5. What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?

   - I think the basic skills of problem solving, code organization and management, and patience
   will carry over to projects and other course work. These skills can be used with any language,
   and once mastered are very beneficial towards the efficiency of your programs.


6. How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
   - I followed my coding ethics, did extensive research on topics I was unsure about and learned
   alot you can do with C++. After the program worked, it was mainly just making it pretty. Once 
   you understand the ins and outs of your program, its much easier to sort through it and know 
   what each chunk of code is doing.

